# 1. Generate Api key for authenticated user (Example request with requests.rest Vscode extension)
# GET http://localhost:3080/api/v1/key
# Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJ1c2VyIjoiam9obmRvZUBleGFtcGxlLmNvbSIsImlkIjoiNjNlYTM4N2IyN2NhMDU0ZjhjMmViNmI2Iiwicm9sZSI6ImNsaWVudCIsImlhdCI6MTY3OTMyMTYzM30.O-hYhq3tCXNUP79bJ43uHqXhozCtlsePu55zkfb1SUs

# 2. codepads endpoint

# POST http://localhost:3080/api/v1/codepads
# content-type: application/json

# {
#     "userId": "abcd7856werYT",
#     "filename": "example-3",
#     "code": "d=5"
# }

# 3. codepad by id
# GET http://localhost:3080/api/v1/codepads/649c5be0caebb63f8816fef2

# 4. codepads from a particular user
# GET http://localhost:3080/api/v1/codepads/64a7ea71cc7efe460fc69823/user

# 5. update codepad by id
# PUT http://localhost:3080/api/v1/codepads/649c4f1613296727f870ba5c
# Content-Type: application/json

# {
#     "userId": "abcd7856werYT",
#     "filename": "variables lesson",
#     "code": "a=7"
# }

#6. delete code resource by id
# DELETE http://localhost:3080/api/v1/codepads/649c4f1613296727f870ba5c

#7. delete code resources for a particular user
# DELETE http://localhost:3080/api/v1/codepads/abcd7856werYT/user

#8. compile code
# POST http://localhost:3080/api/v1/codepads/compile
# content-type: application/json

# {
#     "code": "def hello_world():\n\tprint('Hello, World!')\n\nhello_world()"
# }

#9. Get chats by conversation id
# GET http://localhost:3080/api/v1/chats/64be98f5d4a34c3c98fdbbbf

#10. Register
# POST http://localhost:3080/api/v1/profile
# Content-Type: application/json


# {
#     "role":"client",
#     "email":"joe@gmail.com",
#     "avatar":"/img/contact-avatar2.png",
#     "bio": {
#         "links":[],
#         "fullName": "Joe Ray",
#         "title": "NLP Expert",
#         "about": "I am an NLP expert. Consectetur ea explicabo consequuntur possimus molestias."
#     },
#     "password": "12345678"
# }

#11. Get conversation ids by user id
# GET http://localhost:3080/api/v1/chats/conversations/64b587202d0ddf2a54d0d1ea?private=false

#12. Get Multiple profiles by ids
# GET http://localhost:3080/api/v1/profile?profileIds=64b586d52d0ddf2a54d0d1e6,64b587202d0ddf2a54d0d1ea,

#13. Create conversation
# POST http://localhost:3080/api/v1/chats/conversations
# Content-Type: application/json

# {
#     "private": false,
#     "participants": ["64c531b02559c73014a2a84d", "64b5886c2d0ddf2a54d0d1fc", "64b587202d0ddf2a54d0d1ea"]
# }

#14. Send message
# POST http://localhost:3080/api/v1/chats
# Content-Type: application/json

# {
#     "conversationId": "64be98f5d4a34c3c98fdbbbf",
#     "senderId": "64b587202d0ddf2a54d0d1ea",
#     "message": "Morning",
#     "timestamp": "1690353495244"
# }

#15. Create profile
# POST http://localhost:3080/api/v1/profile
# Content-Type: application/json

# {
#     "role": "group",
#     "email": "tensorflow@example.group",
#     "avatar": "/img/tensorflow.png",
#     "bio": {
#         "fullName": "TensorFlow",
#         "title": "ML with TensorFlow cohort",
#         "about": "Get market ready for DataScience roles",
#         "links": []
#     },
#     "password": "12345678"
# }

#16. Update Message Seen Status By Conversation Id
# PUT  http://localhost:3080/api/v1/chats/64cb67602e1dc5afc2e76d75/seen

#17. Update Message By Id
# PUT  http://localhost:3080/api/v1/chats/64d64569e1d5551370bee40e
# Content-Type: application/json

# {
#     "message": "Am I connected to the server?"
# }

# @TODO: Investigate why wrong message id leads to a 500 error

#18. Get Random Profile
GET http://localhost:3080/api/v1/profiles/M/random
Content-Type: application/json



